Personalized Education and Emotion Recognition System
Overview
This project integrates two core components:

Personalized Education Platform: A Tkinter-based desktop application that offers personalized education content, quizzes, games, and adaptive learning paths tailored for neurodiverse students.
Emotion Recognition System: An emotion detection feature using FER (Facial Expression Recognition) and OpenCV, which analyzes emotions in real-time through webcam feed and provides detailed reports.
Key Features
Personalized Education Platform
Adaptive Learning Paths: Tailored educational content based on the student's progress and learning style.
Interactive Quizzes: Categories like Alphabet and Numbers with varying difficulty levels to assess and enhance student knowledge.
Gamified Learning: A suite of educational games including Word Puzzles, Jigsaw Puzzles, Sudoku, and Logic Puzzles to make learning engaging and fun.
Quest System: Tracks and rewards students for completing tasks and milestones, encouraging consistent progress and participation.
Emotion Recognition System
Real-Time Emotion Detection: Uses webcam feed to detect and analyze facial emotions in real-time.
Snapshot & Analysis: Captures snapshots of the detected emotions, plots the results, and identifies the dominant emotion.
Detailed Report: Generates a detailed emotion report displaying both the snapshot and the analyzed emotion data in a Tkinter window.
Installation
Ensure you have Python 3.x installed.
Install required libraries:
bash
Copy code
pip install opencv-python-headless fer tkinter Pillow matplotlib
Clone the repository and navigate to the project directory.
Usage
Running the Personalized Education Platform:

Execute the main Python script to launch the Tkinter application.
Navigate through the personalized education content, take quizzes, and play educational games.
Running the Emotion Recognition System:

The emotion recognition feature can be accessed through a dedicated section in the application.
It utilizes the webcam to analyze emotions, and you can generate a detailed report with a single click.
Future Enhancements
Adding more diverse quiz categories and game types.
Improving the adaptive learning algorithm for even more personalized content delivery.
Enhancing the emotion recognition accuracy with advanced deep learning models.
This README provides an overview of the project, highlighting its main components, features, installation, and usage instructions.
